Added support of macOS on Apple Silicon (#1864)
GrandOrgue/grandorgue: CHANGELOG.md

- Added support of macOS on Apple silicon. GrandOrgue for macOS on Apple silicon requires macOS 14 or higher. GrandOrgue for macOS on Intel requires macOS 12.1 or higher. https://github.com/GrandOrgue/grandorgue/discussions/1153

> - GrandOrgue for macOS is ad-hoc code signed https://github.com/GrandOrgue/grandorgue/issues/1835

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added ad-hoc code signing of GrandOrgue for macOS https://github.com/GrandOrgue/grandorgue/issues/1835
```
